1. Moving the cursor
In Normal mode, delete the '%' character from the end of line 4:

Hello World%

2. Replace mode
Enter Replace mode and change '163' in line 9 to 241 (you might want to jump between words faster):

Hello World. This is my first text document in CIS 163.

3. Copy/paste
Copy the last line of the following text and paste it at the top (with capital P):

The mission of the College of Computing at GVSU is to serve West Michigan 
and the world by advancing technological innovation. Through experiential 
learning, industry collaboration, and cutting-edge research, the college 
empowers students and lifelong learners to become leaders and contributors 
who will shape the future of technology and enrich their communities.

4. Cut/paste
Delete the last line of the following text. Try pasting at the top: what happened?

To be a transformative force in technology education, research, and innovation—
nationally recognized as a tech hub for excellence and impact. Through bold 
partnerships with industry, community, and global collaborators, the college 
will drive technological advancements and economic growth while addressing 
society's most pressing challenges. 

5. Search and replace
Replace all occurrences of 'name' in lines 34-47 to 'title,' ignoring case. 
HINT: check section 4.2 of change.txt and section 4 of cmdline.txt in the Vim manual. Read about flags and range in particular. 
To move up a level press Ctrl+O.

The Naming of Cats is a difficult matter,
     It isn’t just one of your holiday games;
You may think at first I’m as mad as a hatter
When I tell you, a cat must have THREE DIFFERENT NAMES.
First of all, there’s the name that the family use daily,
     Such as Peter, Augustus, Alonzo, or James,
Such as Victor or Jonathan, George or Bill Bailey—
     All of them sensible everyday names.
There are fancier names if you think they sound sweeter,
     Some for the gentlemen, some for the dames:
Such as Plato, Admetus, Electra, Demeter—
     But all of them sensible everyday names,
But I tell you, a cat needs a name that’s particular,
     A name that’s peculiar, and more dignified,
Else how can he keep up his tail perpendicular,
     Or spread out his whiskers, or cherish his pride?
Of names of this kind, I can give you a quorum,
     Such as Munkustrap, Quaxo, or Coricopat,
Such as Bombalurina, or else Jellylorum—
     Names that never belong to more than one cat.
But above and beyond there’s still one name left over,
     And that is the name that you never will guess;
The name that no human research can discover—
     But THE CAT HIMSELF KNOWS, and will never confess.
When you notice a cat in profound meditation,
     The reason, I tell you, is always the same:
His mind is engaged in a rapt contemplation
     Of the thought, of the thought, of the thought of his name:
          His ineffable effable
          Effanineffable
Deep and inscrutable singular name.
